Adding clarifying language to Entra SSO (#7831)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/set-up-sso-microsoft-entra-id.md

| **Name** | <Constant name="cloud" /> |
| **Supported account types** | Accounts in this organizational directory only _(single tenant)_ |

4. Configure the **Redirect URI**. The table below shows the appropriate Redirect URI values for single-tenant and multi-tenant Entra ID app deployments. For most enterprise use-cases, you will want to use the single-tenant Redirect URI. Replace `YOUR_AUTH0_URI` with the [appropriate Auth0 URI](/docs/cloud/manage-access/sso-overview#auth0-uris) for your region and plan.

**Note:** Your dbt platform tenancy has no bearing on this setting. This Entra ID app setting controls app access:

>      - **Single-tenant** – Only users from your Entra ID tenant can access the app.

Author: ```suggestion
     - **Single-tenant:** Only users from your Entra ID tenant can access the app.
```

>      - **Multi-tenant** – Users from _any_ Entra ID tenant can access the app.

Author: ```suggestion
     - **Multi-tenant:** Users from _any_ Entra ID tenant can access the app.
```

| **Name** | <Constant name="cloud" /> |
| **Supported account types** | Accounts in this organizational directory only _(single tenant)_ |

4. Configure the **Redirect URI**. The table below shows the appropriate Redirect URI values for single-tenant and multi-tenant Entra ID app deployments. For most enterprise use-cases, you will want to use the single-tenant Redirect URI. Replace `YOUR_AUTH0_URI` with the [appropriate Auth0 URI](/docs/cloud/manage-access/sso-overview#auth0-uris) for your region and plan.

> ***Note:** Your dbt platform tenancy has no bearing on this setting. It is an Entra ID app setting that determines whether users from only your Entra ID tenant can access the app (single-tenant) or _any_ Entra ID tenant can use it (multi-tenant).

Reviewer: Removed extra `*`. Also, what do you think about this revision so it's easier to read:
```suggestion
**Note:** Your dbt platform tenancy has no bearing on this setting. This Entra ID app setting controls app access:
     - **Single-tenant** – Only users from your Entra ID tenant can access the app.
     - **Multi-tenant** – Users from _any_ Entra ID tenant can access the app.
```
Should we indent this note and the table below?

Author: The table won't render any differently, unfortunately

> ***Note:** Your dbt platform tenancy has no bearing on this setting. It is an Entra ID app setting that determines whether users from only your Entra ID tenant can access the app (single-tenant) or _any_ Entra ID tenant would be able to use it (multi-tenant).

Author: ```suggestion
***Note:** Your dbt platform tenancy has no bearing on this setting. It is an Entra ID app setting that determines whether users from only your Entra ID tenant can access the app (single-tenant) or _any_ Entra ID tenant can use it (multi-tenant).
```
